First and foremost, an addition was made to the page_table_entry struct called referenced, that enables Second Chance replacement.

Dirty Bit tracing was added to all provided functions that need to keep track of it. Specifically, if memwrite is true and a page is referenced, whether it be found in the table, loaded into an empty frame, or loaded into a frame that is unloaded via replacement, it's "dirty" variable will be set to true. Then, if and when a page is unloaded to be replaced, if it's dirty bit is true, the program increments swap_outs, which simulates the need to write that page to disk, since it's data has been changed since it was loaded into a frame.

FIFO replacement is implemented via the creation of a global int "eldest" that defaults to 0 and resets to 0 when the number of frames is reached. Since all frames in FIFO end up being loaded sequentially in the page table from index 0 to index number_of_frames, it can be assumed that at the time of the first replacement, the page in index 0 is the eldest. As such, that page is replaced, and the int eldest is incremented by 1 to point to the now eldest entry in the table.

The Second Chance replacemend method is implemented in a similar manner to FIFO, however, utilising the "referenced" bit added to the page_table_entry struct, an additional check is performed: If the page has been referenced since it was added, it is "skipped" in the queue of entries to replace, and it's ref bit is cleared, unless ALL pages have been referenced since they were added, in which case it is replaced after all.

The LRU method is implemented by adding a global variable (long long to prevent overflow, the program would have to run for years to reach such a value) "tick" that increments on each call of the resolve_address function, and a "used" member variable added to the page_table_entry struct. When a page is referenced, loaded, or otherwise used, the tick variable is copied to that page's "used" variable. This means that each page has effectively a timestamp showing when the page was last used. When LRU replacement is done, it iterates through the whole page_table starting from 0, and selects the page with the lowest "used" value, defaulting to the first page in the page_table by index. This is the victim page, and it is replaced by the algorithm.